yola, inc. privacy policy last updated january 1, 2013 yola is a licensee of the truste privacy program. truste is an independent, organization whose mission is to build user's trust and confidence in the internet by promoting the use of fair information practices. this privacy statement covers the web site www.yola.com. because this web site wants to demonstrate its commitment to your privacy, it has agreed to disclose its information practices and have its privacy practices reviewed for compliance by truste. if you have questions or concerns regarding this statement, you should first contact support@yola.com. if you do not receive acknowledgement of your inquiry or your inquiry has not been satisfactorily addressed, you should contact truste. truste will then serve as a liaison with us to resolve your concerns. this privacy policy ("policy") explains how personal information is collected, used, and disclosed by yola, inc., also doing business as synthasite, inc., and synthasite (pty) ltd. (collectively "yola") with respect to your use of the web site located at www.yola.com (the "site") so you can make an informed decision about using the site and the web site creation and hosting services offered by yola. please note that this policy does not apply to, and we are not responsible in any manner for, any information you provide to third parties in connection with web sites hosted by yola ("user sites") or how the third parties who operate such user sites may use the personal information you provide to them. such information is subject to the privacy practices of such user site, and we encourage you to become familiar with their privacy practices before disclosing information directly to them. registration forms contain both mandatory fields (as indicated) and non-mandatory fields; if you choose not to complete the mandatory fields then yola may not be able to respond to your request or activate your option choices. by using the yola toolset and/or the yola web site, you consent to any transfer of personal information, collected by yola, outside your country for the purposes of storing the information where yola and/or its agents maintain their facilities. we reserve the right to change this policy at any time. if we make any material changes to the way we use your personally identifiable information, we will notify you here, post a new policy on our site and update the “last updated” date set forth above, or by email. therefore, we encourage you to check our policy whenever you use the service to see if it has been updated since your last visit. your use of the site after the revised policy has been posted will constitute your consent to such revised policy. if you are concerned about how your personal information is used, you should subscribe to our blog rss feed at http://www.yola.com/blog or e-mail us at support@yola.com. this will not prevent yola from using your personal information for the administration or operation of the site or other nonmarketing purposes described in this policy. our postal address is: 201 mission st, suite 2250, san francisco, ca 94105 we can be reached via e-mail at support@yola.com. we collect two basic types of information with our service, namely personal information and aggregate information. as used herein, the term “personal information” means information that specifically identifies an individual (such as a name and e-mail address), and demographic and other information about an individual when directly linked to personally identifiable information. a user name may be personal information if it includes personally identifying information such as a first and last name. our definition of personal information does not include “aggregate” information. aggregate information is data we collect about a group or category of services or users from which individual user identities have been removed. in other words, information on how you use our service may be collected and combined with information about how others use the service, but no personal information will be included in the resulting data. aggregate data helps us understand trends in our users' needs so that we can better consider new features or otherwise tailor our service. this policy in no way restricts or limits our collection and use of aggregate information, and we may share aggregate information about our users with third parties for various purposes, including to help us better understand and improve our service, and for advertising and marketing purposes. if your personally identifiable information changes, or if you no longer desire our service, you may update your profile or delete it by clicking on the profile link after you log in and then clicking the delete account link at the bottom of the page. alternatively, you can email our customer support at support@yola.com. google apps™ users: deleting the yola app from your google apps™ control panel does not delete your yola account. to delete your yola account, please follow the instructions provided above. personal information may be collected in a number of ways when you visit our site. we may collect certain information you voluntarily provide to us which may contain personal information. for example, we may collect your name, address, email address, user name and other contact and demographic information when you register and set up an account or contact us by e-mail or other means for any reason. we may also collect payment information if applicable. if in addition, from time to time we may collect demographic, contact or other personal information you voluntarily provide to us, such as in connection with your participation in surveys, sweepstakes, contests, games, promotional offers, and other activities on the site. for each registered user of the site (each a "registered user") to the yola web site, our web server automatically recognizes any header information that is shared with our web server. yola collects the ip address and header information, and may collect the following: the e-mail address of registered users of our web site and the yola toolset; the e-mail addresses of registered users who post messages to our bulletin board, communicate with us via e-mail, and/or make postings to our chat areas; aggregate information on what pages registered users access or visit; registered user-specific information on what pages registered users access or visit; and personal information may also be collected if you leave comments or other communications on the site, such as on the yola bulletin board and/or chat areas, and/or send email directly to yola. by doing so your name and the content of your communication may be made public and can be read, collected, or used by other users of these forums, and could be used to send you unsolicited messages. we are not responsible for the personally identifiable information you choose to submit in these forums. as mentioned above, we automatically receive certain types of information whenever you interact with us. for example, when you use the web site, our systems may automatically collect your ip address and the type of operating system or browser you use. we may also collect information pertaining to your account activity, and standard access information, such as the time and date of your accessing the service and your usage of the service. we use such information for purposes such as compiling aggregated statistics about service usage. we may also use cookie technology to collect information. among other things, the use of cookies enables us to: store registered user's preferences; record session information, such as items that visitors and registered users add to their shopping cart; record registered user-specific information on what pages registered users access or visit; alert registered users to new areas that we think might be of interest to them when they return to our site; record past activity at a site in order to provide better service when visitors and registered users return to our site; and deliver advertising targeted to your interests and ensure that visitors and registered users are not repeatedly served the same messages or offers. third party vendors, including google, show your ads on sites on the internet. third party vendors, including google, use cookies to serve ads based on a user's prior visits to your website. users may opt out of google's use of cookies by visiting the google advertising opt-out page. a cookie is a small amount of data, often including an anonymous unique identifier, which is sent to your browser from a web site's computers and stored on your computer's hard drive. most browsers automatically accept cookies as the default setting. you can modify the setting to reject cookies or to prompt you before accepting a cookie from the sites you visit by editing browser options. however, if a browser is set not to accept cookies or if a user rejects a cookie, some portions of the site and the service may not function properly. for example, you may not be able to sign in and may not be able to access certain site features or services. the use of cookies by our partners and affiliates is not covered by our privacy statement. we do/do not have access or control over these cookies. our partners and affiliates use session id cookies on their websites once you leave yola to give you access to yola discounts and promotions. if you click on a link to a third party site, you will leave the yola site you are visiting and go to the site you selected. because we cannot control the activities of third parties, we cannot accept responsibility for any use of your personally identifiable information by such third parties, and we cannot guarantee that they will adhere to the same privacy practices as yola. if you visit a third party website that is linked to from a yola site, you should read that website's privacy statement before providing any personally identifiable information. when you use sharethis to bookmark and share our products and site, you will be taken to a third party site and note that their privacy policy governs the collection and use of the information collected on those sites. if you choose to use the get satisfaction's referral service on http://forum.yola.com to share a support request about our site, get satisfaction will ask you for your friend's name and email address. they will automatically send your friend a one-time email inviting him or her to visit the http://forum.yola.com. the get satisfaction referral program is not associated with yola and yola does not store or use that information. our service is not intended to be used by children under the age of 13, and we do not knowingly collect personal information from children under the age of 13 except in compliance with applicable law. in general, we use personal information we collect to process your requests or transactions, to provide you with information or services you request, to inform you about other information, events, promotions, products or services we think will be of interest to you, to facilitate your use of, and our administration and operation of, the site, newsletters and for the purpose for which the information was provided.we may also use the personal information we collect to improve the content of our web page and to customize the advertising and the content and/or layout of our page for our visitors and individual registered users. we also use this information to notify registered users about updates to our web site, and to contact registered users for marketing purposes. we will not share the personal information we collect from you through the site with any other company except as provided in this policy, as it may be revised form time to time. we reserve the right to disclose or transfer such information to a third party (a) if you request us to do so or we otherwise have your consent, (b) if we believe in good faith that we are lawfully authorized or required to do so or that doing so is reasonably necessary or appropriate to comply with the law or with legal process or authorities, respond to any claims, or to protect the rights, property or safety of yola, our users, our employees or the public, including without limitation to protect yola or our users or the public from fraudulent, abusive, inappropriate or unlawful use of our site, (c) if we believe in good faith that an emergency involving immediate danger of death or serious physical injury to any person, or other irreparable injury, including economic interests of yola or a third party, requires disclosure of the information, and (d) in connection with an acquisition, merger, or sale of all or a substantial portion of our business. we may also share personal information with vendors, consultants and other service providers (“service providers”) who are engaged by or working with us in connection with the operation of the site or the services and who need access to such information to carry out their work for us. in some cases, the service provider may be directly collecting the information from you on our behalf. we may also share personal information with other third parties when you request that we do so or otherwise give us your express or implied consent. we are not responsible for the actions of service providers or other third parties, nor are we responsible for any additional information you provide directly to these service providers or other third parties, and we encourage you to become familiar with their privacy practices before disclosing information directly to them. note that nothing herein restricts the sharing of aggregate information, which may be shared with third parties without your consent. we use reasonable efforts to prevent unauthorized release of or access to your personal data. however, we cannot guarantee that your information will not be disclosed or accessed by accidental circumstances or by the unauthorized acts of others. if yola learns of a security systems breach, then we may attempt to notify you electronically so that you can take appropriate protective steps. yola may also post a notice on the site if a security breach occurs. depending on where you live, you may have a legal right to receive notice of a security breach in writing. to receive a free written notice of a security breach, you should notify us at support@yola.com. the security of your personal information is important to us. when you enter sensitive information (such as credit card number and/or social security number, national id, personal health information) on our registration or order forms, we encrypt that information using secure socket layer technology (ssl). credit card details are stored in our payment gateway's highly secure payment vault that is fully compliant with the payment card industry's data security standards. we will communicate with you via email. yola intends to send regular email updates and occasional promotional offers that may be of interest to you. you may opt-out of these mailings at any time. if you do not want to receive marketing and promotional e-mails from us in the future, please let us know by sending us an e-mail to support@yola.com or follow the unsubscribe instructions that are included in each email communication. this will not prevent us from sending you operational, account related or other non-marketing emails. if you wish to no longer receive these emails please deactivate your account by clicking on the profile link after you log in and then clicking the delete account link at the bottom of the page. alternatively, you can email our customer support at support@yola.com. if you feel that this site is not following its stated information policy, you may contact us at support@yola.com.